= COD MW3 MIDNIGHT LAUNCH!
:published_at: 2011-11-07
:hp-alt-title: COD MW3 MIDNIGHT LAUNCH!
:hp-image: https://i.ytimg.com/vi/E-iWB54BlAc/maxresdefault.jpg


++++
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/E-iWB54BlAc?rel=0" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>
++++

what's up guys out here at the modern
warfare 3 launch at my local eb games
about to let us in in half an hour i'm
bring that content to you guys as soon
as i pick up this stuff to get a look
over here everybody's starting to go in
what's up guys Lew here just got out of
the midnight launch for modern warfare 3
as you can see there's still a bunch of
people over there we got our stuff see
it in the back of the trunk right here
we got the special edition console we
got the hardened edition of the game the
guide a poster courtesy of the local
Evie games and I'm gonna get that home
as quick as I can let you guys get a
closer look at it
alright guys stay tuned later