= Apple TV Unboxing \u0026 Overview (HD)
:published_at: 2011-06-22
:hp-alt-title: Apple TV Unboxing \u0026 Overview (HD)
:hp-image: https://i.ytimg.com/vi/sz8a-sc2tSI/maxresdefault.jpg


++++
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/sz8a-sc2tSI?rel=0" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>
++++

what's up guys it's Lou from unbox
therapy and today we're taking a look at
the Apple TV now this device has been
out for a little while I finally decided
to bite the bullet
pull the wallet out of the pocket and
slap down that credit card anyhow the
reason I did is because I wanted a
simple way of watching YouTube and
Netflix up on the big screen and since
this one integrates with airplay I can
surf through YouTube that way and then
you shoot that video right up to the big
screen quite a cool feature I hope to
take advantage of but let's talk about
the unboxing that's why you were all
here this is unbox therapy after all
look at this puny little thing this is
gonna be like the smallest thing I've
ever placed underneath my TV but let's
not complain about that it's better
small than huge I don't want some
gigantic receiver or something like that
actually quite impressive that this
little guy can playback HD content
anyhow there it is it's got some kind of
protective material who knows why oh
that's why it's protecting the glass you
must protect the glass at all costs
everything's classy why does everything
have to be so glossy anyway we'll get
back to that I'll give you some closer
images of the rear end no pun intended
but first let's check out what else is
in the box we have the anorexic Apple
remote I'm on fire today sorry if I
offended anyone anyhow yeah super slim
super basic in terms of functionality
next we've got the Apple power cord and
guess what it provides power what a
goddamn surprise there it is I don't
know what else to say about this so I'm
not going to say anything and next we've
got a little bit of documentation here
seems you can't go without a little bit
that being said this thing should be so
simple to use I doubt the average user
will have to read it but for all you old
folks out there
there it is kicking it old school read
the manuals and we got some Apple
stickers do not stick those on your car
please
it's not cool anyway here's a closer
look at the back end we got a power port
HDMI micro USB optical audio and an
Ethernet port and here's that slim
remote a better look at the
functionality there and just how slim it
is it looks like it takes some kind of a
watch battery so that'll be a headache
to switch anyway guys check out the
channel more product therapy peace out