= Star Wars X Adidas Originals - Death Star Conductor Hi - Unboxing \u0026 Overview
:published_at: 2011-02-11
:hp-alt-title: Star Wars X Adidas Originals - Death Star Conductor Hi - Unboxing \u0026 Overview
:hp-image: https://i.ytimg.com/vi/WkXiYquPKNI/maxresdefault.jpg


++++
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/WkXiYquPKNI?rel=0" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>
++++

what's up guys it's unbox therapy here
and we're finally back with another
unboxing today we're looking at our very
first pair of kicks but these are not
everyday shoes these are actually a
collaboration between Star Wars and
Adidas they've actually put together a
series of shoes inspired by various
characters throughout the Star Wars
series the ones we're looking at today
are called the Death Star's
and the first thing you'll notice is
they ship in a very unusual packaging
they actually hang on the wall sort of
like a action figure so when you see you
in the store that's the first thing
you're gonna notice now with this model
you've got a black and white colorway
and a very first thing you notice is the
prevalent varsity style lettering on the
heel where you see a DES and as we move
around the shoe you'll see there's a
number of different materials in use
we've got some suede areas some leather
areas and we've also got a patent
leather style area which is shiny on the
adidas stripes here's our Star Wars tag
so the only thing that's different
between the two shoes is that underneath
the laces you've got a little bit
different description and lettering I'll
show you that as we get closer to the
shoe in a minute here
also very prevalent is the design on the
tongue you've got super Death Star which
is embroidered on there and also a
stormtrooper head you're probably gonna
get a little bit more attention than
usual wearing shoes like these
especially if you cross paths with any
Star Wars fans on the inside of the
tongue you've got a another Star Wars
patch as well as on the insole so here
we are a closer up and you can get an
idea of the embroidery you also see the
golden adidas emblem there on the tongue
as we move around the shoe you can get a
better sense for the materials in use
here
you can see the under soul is also done
in black and white and here's what I was
talking about underneath the laces on
the left shoe it says 77 Imperials
and I'll show you the right one in a
second here there's that varsity style
lettering and on the inside of the shoe
here we see we've got an embossed
treatment and this will give you a
better idea of the inside of the tongue
and there's a better idea of the insole
so here's that other shoe and you can
see the differences this one says
intergalactic Cup 1977 slightly
different so here are some other shoes
in the same series you can see they're
inspired by various different characters
so you should definitely check them out
and you should also check out our
channel because we're constantly
unboxing new and I'm sure it'll be
worth it for you later