= Booq Boa Sleeve Winners!
:published_at: 2011-04-21
:hp-alt-title: Booq Boa Sleeve Winners!
:hp-image: https://i.ytimg.com/vi/OOdPtf1qmw8/maxresdefault.jpg


++++
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/OOdPtf1qmw8?rel=0" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>
++++

what's up guys it's Lou from unbox
therapy calm this is a super quick video
just to announce the winners of the book
boa sleeve giveaway that's the iPad and
iPad 2 sleeve as you guys know I'm
giving away three of them had a ton of
people enter the contest to follow the
instructions to a tee which is beautiful
I wish that I could give one to every
single one of you but as we know that's
impossible I'd be broke so three of them
are on their way to three lucky people
I'm gonna post those lucky people right
up here so let's get right into it
winner number one youtube user PS pakora
you are the lucky winner number one the
next winner is youtube user ninja boy
890 you can expect the books leave on
its way to you as well
last but not least we got YouTube user
Akmal Rossi or OC anyway the three of
you guys can expect me to hit up your
inbox your youtube inbox and give you
details necessary to receive these
sleeves I'll just be asking for your
shipping address and whatnot
congratulations to the winner or winners
I should say and to everybody else is
gonna be a ton more giveaways coming up
so stay tuned to the channel and you're
gonna win something eventually anyway
peace and love I'll see you guys around