= Sekonic L-758DR DigitalMaster Unboxing \u0026 Overview + Close Ups!
:published_at: 2011-01-20
:hp-alt-title: Sekonic L-758DR DigitalMaster Unboxing \u0026 Overview + Close Ups!
:hp-image: https://i.ytimg.com/vi/PjxqeK9jM6s/maxresdefault.jpg


++++
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/PjxqeK9jM6s?rel=0" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>
++++

today we've got one for my photo
gearheads in the audience we've got
ourselves a sekonic light meter and what
sets this one apart is it offers some
features specific to digital SLR bodies
one of those includes a wireless
triggering system using a sekonic RT 32
radio transmitter module which allows
you to wirelessly trigger PocketWizard
enable flash systems within a hundred
foot range as we get inside here we can
see we've got a three year limited
warranty card this actually looks like a
way of getting an extension to bump up
your warranty to three years wishful
thinking and here's a battery to power
the unit and a wrist strap so you don't
drop it in the heat of a intense
photoshoot if you know what I'm saying
here is an extremely well packaged USB
cable we got foam covering each tip but
it's a regular mini USB to USB here is
our user manual and our data transfer
software this unit is compatible with
both Windows and Mac and if you're
wondering hey why would I want to hook
this up to my computer it's because you
can set up specific profiles based on
the digital SLR you're using that's the
second reason why this is an incredibly
different light meter from what we're
used to you can run a calibration test
using the the meter itself and your
digital camera and then transfer those
settings via your computer back to the
meter as you can see it comes packaged
in a carrying case
looks like a nylon carrying case and
again that's something that's nice to
have it's got a clasp on the back so it
could be hooked up to you know a camera
bag or maybe even a belt or vest or
something here we see the unit itself
and I can tell you right away it feels
substantial in the hands even without
having a battery installed
he's got a rubberized finish around the
edges a large screen to look at and
overall
feels really good in the hands let's get
closer so we can get a sense for the
details on the unit after all we want to
pretend that you just bought one just
like I did as you can see we've got our
tactile buttons at different ISO
settings those is a sort of quick switch
between here is our USB female connector
and that's our mini USB and it's nice
that it's covered because you know you
throw this stuff around and you don't
want anything getting in there here you
can see the model number of the unit you
know overall I'd have to say I'm
impressed can't wait to get out and use
it or one more thing we can hook this
this up to a tripod or possibly a light
stand via the connector at the bottom
anyway check out the channel more stuff
getting unboxed every day