= Forza Motorsport 4 Limited Collector's Edition Unboxing
:published_at: 2011-12-13
:hp-alt-title: Forza Motorsport 4 Limited Collector's Edition Unboxing
:hp-image: https://i.ytimg.com/vi/dktFZ3EYLY4/maxresdefault.jpg


++++
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/dktFZ3EYLY4?rel=0" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>
++++

what's up guys it's Lou from unbox
therapy and right now we're looking at
Forza Motorsport for the limited
collector's edition now this has been
out for a little while I missed out on
it decided I might as well pick it up
now better late than never and as you
can see there's a nice steelbook case
inside as well as an art book let's get
inside and take a closer look at those
extra items but first on the outside of
the case it's actually real nice you've
got this sort of extruded logo and on
the back you can see some of the
inclusions as well as the functionality
it's up to 1080p split-screen you can
also use a force feedback wheel with it
and it is Kinect optional so you can use
the Kinect sensor if you choose to now
getting a closer look at what's inside
the first thing you're going to see is
this nice steelbook case and underneath
that is where the art book is we'll look
at that first so after getting it
unwrapped you'll see it's got a nice
black matte finish on the front with
some cool red accents and then on the
inside you get to see all the supercars
from the game actually some real nice
photos some real nice information and
since this game was affiliated with Top
Gear you're also going to get some vinyl
decals in the back of the book that I
didn't notice at first but when you flip
through it you'll notice they're there
at the back and they're done in white so
I'm not sure how well they show up here
but they are top quality vinyl stickers
that I suppose you could put wherever
you want I don't want to say your car
because that might be a little bit
cheesy but I suppose you could put these
on your bumper if you wanted to so we've
also got the steelbook case and I always
like these a great way to keep the game
nice tough rugged you know the drill and
we've got the nice logo right on the
spine here as well as on the front and
as you get it opened up you'll notice
there's two discs and the reason for
that is because one is the game disc and
the other one is for installation of all
the extra content as you know there's a
lot of data here and unlike the ps3
there's no blu-ray disc so you got
standard DVDs here so you got to split
it up no big deal though you only use
the content installation disc I believe
once so that's not a big issue and then
on the left hand side you'll notice some
dlc over here you're going to get some
nice BM
w based dlc included here so I'll go
ahead and retrieve that and get some of
those special vehicles I believe and I
think there's a track pack a bonus track
pack as well and you've actually got a
legitimate manual a fairly decent sized
manual not one of those triple page
foldable situations instead you've got
the real deal so anyway guys probably a
good value you know I mean this whole
package retails for I believe 79 bucks
in most places and you're going to get
some cool stuff some in-game stuff and
if you're into these art books then you
might want to take a look at this anyway
guys if you enjoyed this content then
hopefully you can like and favorite this
video as it does help me out a bunch and
I just revamped the website unbox
therapy comm there are now user accounts
a very nice and basic streamlined forum
and it's there's some cool features over
there all the super fans are already
over there so if you haven't checked it
out yet do so now I'm going to put a
link right down in the description come
check out the new website I'm also going
to have high-resolution images of this
particular unboxing so you can even get
a better look at this if you want to
anyway guys until next time I always
want to thank you for watching I'll see
you around okay later