= The Gadget Graveyard!
:published_at: 2011-05-14
:hp-alt-title: The Gadget Graveyard!
:hp-image: https://i.ytimg.com/vi/sDGzE3IOqWI/maxresdefault.jpg


++++
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/sDGzE3IOqWI?rel=0" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>
++++

what's up guys it's Lou from unbox
therapy comm and today I've got an
unusual one for you granting you access
to the gadget graveyard that my house
has become you might not know what I
used to operate a bit of an Apple
service center as well as a little
gadget shop and a lot of this stuff has
ended up in my house now that I no
longer run it and I finally decided to
post a bunch of it up on eBay so if
you're into fixing mac books or Apple
computers or if you want to take a look
at some of the retail inventory that
made its way up there I'm gonna give my
subscribers a special deal if any of you
guys are the winning bidders on any of
these auctions I'm gonna give you guys
free shipping whereas everyone else has
to pay if you can prove to me that
you're a subscriber that wins the bid
then I'm gonna ship to you for free so
head over to the eBay page I've got the
link in the description and see if
anything suits your needs later