= Rode Video Mic Unboxing
:published_at: 2011-05-30
:hp-alt-title: Rode Video Mic Unboxing
:hp-image: https://i.ytimg.com/vi/cELNo5e8sBQ/maxresdefault.jpg


++++
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/cELNo5e8sBQ?rel=0" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>
++++

what's up guys it's Lou from unbox
therapy comm and today we're taking a
look at the rode videomic an incredibly
popular microphone for people who shoot
on digital SLRs as we all know most
digital SLRs are shooting HD video these
days but the audio is just not up to
snuff this microphone can change that
for you as you see here the roads got a
10-year warranty on it now that's pretty
impressive I don't think I have any
other consumer electronics with a
similar warranty we've got some more
documentation from rode including the
video mic instruction manual which goes
over some of the features and specs of
the device so here it is and at first it
looks pretty complicated but it actually
isn't what you're looking at is the
microphone mounted on a shock mount
here's some elastic bands to replace the
original ones on the shock mount in the
event that they wear out or get lost now
the shock mount is important because it
helps with the reduction of camera noise
handling noise as well as the auto focus
noise coming off of your digital SLR now
the microphone is really light much
lighter than it comes across on video
I'm sure that's important so you don't
get fatigued while carrying it
it's powered by a 9-volt battery and
your game controls are also on the
interior you have your on/off switch on
the back a flexible mini jack cable
there's that mini jack connector and of
course the hot shoe mount which is
incredibly important here's what it
looks like mounted up on the cannon 60d
I'll give you guys a taste of what it
sounds like in the future until then
visit the channel