= iPhone 5 or Samsung Galaxy S3 GIVEAWAY!
:published_at: 2012-12-12
:hp-alt-title: iPhone 5 or Samsung Galaxy S3 GIVEAWAY!
:hp-image: https://i.ytimg.com/vi/uH82IuVE_1I/maxresdefault.jpg


++++
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/uH82IuVE_1I?rel=0" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>
++++

what's up guys Lew here and I'm very
excited to announce a new collaborative
giveaway with both unbox therapy and
phone buff another channel here on
YouTube now you probably guess based on
their name that we're gonna be giving
away a smartphone now it'll be your
choice you can win either in iPhone 5 or
the Android equivalent maybe a Galaxy s3
or anything that you want in the
smartphone space all you need to do is
leave a comment down below identifying
the make model and also the carrier
you'd like to win that phone for and
that's it you'll be entered now there
are a couple more rules they're listed
in the description but I'll go over them
quickly you want to make sure you're
subscribed to both of our channels here
on YouTube links are down in the
description as I said and you also want
to make sure you leave only one comment
on each video don't spam the comments
section or you will be disqualified
so one comment each video for two total
entries will be ending this contest on
the 22nd of December so we're gonna make
sure to close it up before Christmas
happens so you don't have to be
concerned about missing the Christmas
date you will get this before Christmas
if you happen to win and we're gonna be
announcing the winner live during my
usual live show but it'll be happening
on the 22nd of December I'll put a link
to the location where the live show
happens down below if you want to get a
head start you can head over to that
link and log in right now so you're not
going to miss out but another smart
thing to do is to follow both myself and
phone buff on Twitter and Facebook
because we'll be tweeting out the live
link as it happens or before it happens
so you definitely won't miss it if you
follow on Twitter and Facebook those
links are down below as well so that's
really all the information you need to
know as I said before the description is
your friend if there's anything that I
missed covering here the description has
all the details you need good luck to
everyone I do love doing these giveaways
so if you enjoy them as well make sure
to leave a thumbs up down below it's
nice to give back to the community
especially around these kinds of times
like Christmas when people are getting
all kinds of new stuff and this could be
a nice little bonus for you Christmas
morning or prior to I don't know it
depends how quickly we can get this
thing shipped out to you maybe we'll
overnight it so you have it in time
anyways that's it for now thanks as
always for watching and check out the
scription for the full details and I
look forward to your comments down below
alright guys thanks catching the next
video later