= Twisted Metal + Assassin's Creed 3 SteelBook Unboxing (PS3)
:published_at: 2012-03-09
:hp-alt-title: Twisted Metal + Assassin's Creed 3 SteelBook Unboxing (PS3)
:hp-image: https://i.ytimg.com/vi/YrTJx7vvXgw/maxresdefault.jpg


++++
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/YrTJx7vvXgw?rel=0" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>
++++

what's up guys it's Lou from unbox
therapy and in front of me I've got
twisted metal for the PlayStation 3 a
classic title from way back of course
and then on the right I've got something
that looks like Assassin's Creed 3 but
trust me it is not this is just a
steelbook case for Assassin's Creed 3
and the reason I've got it is because it
was included if you pre-ordered
Assassin's Creed 3 so trust me it is
empty but I'll show you the case
nonetheless but let's talk about twisted
metal this comes along with some DLC and
that DLC includes a downloadable game
which is twisted metal black of course
the classic and on the back of the case
you can see it's a 1 to 4 player game
with network playability up to 16
players obviously this game is a lot of
fun in terms of multiplayer gaming
here's a quick look at the artwork on
the inside as well as on the game disk
pretty badass as far as I'm concerned
you get the rugged clown on there and on
the other side of the case you have your
paperwork the instruction manual as well
as the little DLC flyers so first let's
take a look at the instruction manual
looks like it's a legit
you know multi-page manual not like that
one page foldable crap and on the back
you saw the official PlayStation headset
being advertised a good value as far as
I'm concerned
here is the DLC for twisted metal black
that's going to give you the full game
as far as I know and then a little bit
of DLC for Starhawk which is launching
in May of 2012 I got a chance to preview
it at CES 2012 and it was very
entertaining to play what I was able to
play when I was there so I'm definitely
excited for Starhawk so this is kind of
an unusual unboxing as as part of the
twisted metal unboxing it is an empty
case empty steelbook case but I did want
to look at it nonetheless and the
artwork is actually really nice some of
the nicest I've ever seen once you
remove this little pre-order pamphlet on
the back side of the case you've got a
continuation of the artwork that's on
the front and definitely very cool very
nice to look at but that's about all you
can do with it right now because
is nothing on the inside as I mentioned
before no manual no DLC no game disk no
nothing so you've got to wait for your
Assassin's Creed 3 and then I guess you
can put it in this case and be happy
that you pre-ordered anyway guys that's
being a very quick unboxing if you
enjoyed it then hopefully you can like
and favorite this video as it does help
me out a bunch if you haven't subscribed
yet you might want to go ahead and do so
this is the channel you want to be on
for all of your unboxing needs and other
than that I'll see you guys around the
channel ok catch on the next one later