= Quick Update
:published_at: 2012-01-09
:hp-alt-title: Quick Update
:hp-image: https://i.ytimg.com/vi/mm7QpJXCKa4/maxresdefault.jpg


++++
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/mm7QpJXCKa4?rel=0" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>
++++

what's up guys Lew here and we are
finally in Vegas we're at the Venetian
right now and we finally got our press
passes actually that took a while it was
a big lineup I got a couple of people
with me here some associate editors
we've got a JD DeMarco as well as Mike
monopoly can help me out on this trip
with both video content and also
editorial content I've also got some
cool gadgets here with me if you look
down here I got the Verizon 4G hotspot
working for me giving me all the
wireless connectivity I need we're
having some real special beers too
because this place has like some 300 or
something like that if he's checking his
room right here in ton of selections so
anyways we got the CES unveiled show
coming up shortly after we finish our
beers here and they're going to be
showing us some products and I'm going
to be sure to report those back to you
guys I'll be back in a quick second all
right later