= I got the PS4 early!
:published_at: 2013-11-11
:hp-alt-title: I got the PS4 early!
:hp-image: https://i.ytimg.com/vi/bIxyeHmBV9M/maxresdefault.jpg


++++
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/bIxyeHmBV9M?rel=0" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>
++++

so earlier today I managed to get my
hands on the PlayStation 4 prior to its
official launch also it looks like I've
accidentally ordered an extra one so
leave a thumbs up down below if you'd
like to see a giveaway the system is
incredibly sleek in person and the new
controller is a big improvement in my
opinion especially for those with
average North American sized hands
connecting the system is incredibly easy
just connect the power as well as the
HDMI and you're good to go as you've
probably noticed this video is not my
full-scale unboxing and review that'll
be coming up very shortly I just wanted
to get something uploaded quickly to
share my excitement and provide some
initial reactions consider this a
preview make sure to subscribe though
for the mega all encompassing ps4
coverage I decided to get started with
Killzone the visuals as you can sell are
very impressive the new triggers on the
controller feel much more comfortable
for this type of game I'd imagine the
same could be said of any first-person
shooter or anywhere where you happen to
be firing a gun I'm a big fan of the
fields also gameplay is smooth even
though my skill isn't necessarily do you
remember how to tell the owl to do other
things you know how you had the little
circle in the middle there where he can
go you can go up oh let me try this
other weapon right here oh no time no
time for the other where is it ah okay
dead I'm about to revive right now I
think and then what I'm going to do is
I'm going to go slow motion on these
guys Max Payne style and you're gone
better
so far I'm very impressed with the ps4
make sure to subscribe for my full
unboxing and review will be going deep
into the system interface games and more
thanks as always for watching guys I
appreciate your continued support and I
will catch you on the next episode later
guys