= iPad Air Giveaway!
:published_at: 2013-11-11
:hp-alt-title: iPad Air Giveaway!
:hp-image: https://i.ytimg.com/vi/SV7szQwus2Y/maxresdefault.jpg


++++
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/SV7szQwus2Y?rel=0" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>
++++

what's up guys Lew here and welcome to
the official iPad air giveaway video I
first mentioned it during the unboxing
and as you guys know I wanted to give
back to the community of viewers and you
might be the lucky individual who gets a
brand-new factory-fresh iPad air
participation is incredibly simple just
make sure that you're subscribed to the
channel here on YouTube subscribe to -
unbox therapy I know most of you are but
if you aren't there's gonna be a
subscribe button nearby and hopefully
here in the annotations as well as down
below my face where it normally is so
make sure you're a subscriber and then
the next step is to follow through the
specialty link down in the description
of this video that link will take you
over to a special page on Swagbucks comm
and they are actually providing the iPad
air for this giveaway so big thanks to
them for making this possible and
they'll be collecting your email address
here this is how they're gonna get in
touch with you if you happen to be
selected as a winner this will also help
to make sure that each person only gets
one entry unlike previous giveaways
where people spam the comment sections
and try to game in the system this is a
very simple way to make sure that each
person has an equal opportunity at
winning the link below will remain
active for two weeks from the point of
posting this so the giveaway is open for
two weeks so don't waste any time get
your entry in early and Swagbucks will
send out an email to you shortly after
you register just to verify that it is a
valid email address there'll be a link
in there make sure to confirm your email
address otherwise it will not count as a
valid entry now I know some of you are
probably asking hey Lou what is
Swagbucks tell me a little bit more
about it so swag bucks is actually a
pretty cool site that allows for you to
earn rewards doing things you probably
already do online like shopping and
watching videos yes you heard me
correctly you can earn Amazon gift cards
just by watching videos on their website
you actually have to check it out to
believe it
but it is true and it's one of the
easiest ways to also earn money back on
stuff you purchase so if you shop at
places like the Apple Store or Amazon
you can get one to ten percent back on
any of those purchases and then redeem
that in the form of gift cards including
PayPal Starbucks Amazon well anyways
there's a bunch as you can tell it's
definitely worth participating in and
remember
the main function here is your entry
into this iPad air giveaway so just make
sure to follow the instructions rewind
or read the description because I'll
have everything replicated down there
but it's actually pretty simple just
click through the link put your email
address in and then verify that email
address and that counts as your entry
into this giveaway for the iPad air so
once again big thanks to swagbucks for
making this giveaway possible if you
guys enjoy these kinds of opportunities
please remember to leave a thumbs up
down below thank you for your
participation thank you for watching all
of my videos and I will catch you guys
on the next episode have a good one
later guys