= Bluetooth + Hot shower = ?
:published_at: 2013-06-22
:hp-alt-title: Bluetooth + Hot shower = ?
:hp-image: https://i.ytimg.com/vi/2MTJnOvnoO4/maxresdefault.jpg


++++
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/2MTJnOvnoO4?rel=0" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>
++++

what's up guys it's Lou from unbox
therapy and today we're taking a look at
what might be the world's coolest shower
head this is the Moxie from Kohler and
it's got a built-in speaker so you can
stream audio from your device into your
shower so that could be a podcast if
you're more reserved if you want to get
your party on then you can stream some
music too for a really cool environment
and a really cool experience now before
we get into the unboxing obviously since
it's a shower head I did want to install
it and test it out but I know no one
wants to watch me taking a shower so I
did you guys a favor so stick around
till the end of the video to see what it
looks like in an actual shower
environment but until then let's take a
closer look at the unboxing experience
and what you get inside if you purchase
one of these I will put a link in the
description if you are interested in
turning your showering process into more
of a party scene so taking a closer look
you have what looks like an average
everyday showerhead but the internal
portion is actually a speaker and it
fits inside of the showerhead portion
using a magnet it is rechargeable Kohler
states that you get up to 7 hours of
music playback on a single charge so
you're not going to be recharging this
thing very often I mean depending on how
long your showers are what you're doing
in there that that's up to you it
recharges over USB you have this little
screen filter included to fit onto your
faucet lastly we've got a little bit of
paperwork and some stickers and I'll
give you one close look here at how it
recharges there's this waterproof micro
USB port so that's pretty cool I don't
want to waste any more of your time I'm
going to show you what this thing looks
like installed and what might happen
inside your bathroom just by adding some
simple music as I said earlier you don't
want to see me take a shower so we set
something else up instead
you
Oh
it's you
should it be
you