= GTA V MIDNIGHT LAUNCH!
:published_at: 2013-09-17
:hp-alt-title: GTA V MIDNIGHT LAUNCH!
:hp-image: https://i.ytimg.com/vi/owdpjeWbnus/maxresdefault.jpg


++++
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/owdpjeWbnus?rel=0" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>
++++

what's up guys Lew here it's almost
midnight I'm at the local Future Shop
for the launch of GTA 5 as excitement in
the air people are in line outside we're
gonna talk to Winston how are you you
excited for this line I am excited
actually it's a pretty long wait for
gta5 and everyone's outside waiting for
it so putting them in that launch here
right and uh we were just waiting can't
wait to get a hands on the game very
cool so at midnight when when the clock
strikes you're gonna make sure to get
these things into people's hands as
quick as possible right and that's the
idea of Matt hello what's your name I'm
summer summer nice to meet you you're
excited for this title always yes and
it's been a long wait how about five
years right and how long you've been
waiting in line uh two hours oh wow all
right what are you most excited for in
these new game honestly I'm most excited
for the online play and how like
Rockstar is just gonna keep expanding it
making it better right and I play with
all my friends and you know I agree with
that that's that's very cool what
portion of the new game are you most
excited for um well it's like the first
time since the original PC versions
where you get three characters and you
can switch between all the three
characters which is pretty dope right
yeah good point there you go new
features three characters midnight GTA 5
back to you in the back to you in the
broadcast booth so you guys told me that
you experienced something quite exciting
this evening do you care to explain for
sure this guy we're just gonna have to
say he was a little bit drunk he ended
up just falling over and yeah that's
about it right passed out he was like he
was out looks like a good spot for a nap
so yeah sure yeah probably
maybe he was just taking a rest because
he'd be standing in line actually it's
just probably way too excited like
you