= Watch Dogs Limited Edition Unboxing \u0026 Giveaway!
:published_at: 2014-05-22
:hp-alt-title: Watch Dogs Limited Edition Unboxing \u0026 Giveaway!
:hp-image: https://i.ytimg.com/vi/TT0-BhVhJSQ/maxresdefault.jpg


++++
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/TT0-BhVhJSQ?rel=0" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>
++++

what's up guys Lew here and I am at a
very special event for the launch of
watch dogs in front of me I have two
limited editions of the game that's
because I'm going to give one away to
one of you lucky viewers so if you're
interested in winning one simply make
sure you're subscribed leave a comment
down below and then follow me on twitter
at unbox therapy that's where i'm going
to announce the winner so make sure to
be following me all of the details will
be down in the description so I'll put
this one to the side for a moment and
let's take a closer look at what you can
expect to receive inside of the
watchdog's
limited edition I've been super pumped
for this game for a very very long time
and here it is finally so the first
thing you're going to notice is this
figure and this is where we're going to
find the rest of the items within the
limited edition oh this is the balaclava
what you think should I try that on
maybe after okay so here we have the
limited edition art book I'll give you
guys a quick preview of that as well so
these are always exciting for me you get
to see some of the artwork involved in
the process of creating the game it
always starts out in someone's
imagination somewhere and this artwork
gives you an idea behind the inspiration
for these amazing titles that take a
long long time to create and then you've
also got a steelbook case which I'm also
a big fan of not only going to protect
your game but also going to give you a
little bit of pride of ownership when it
sits on your shelf amongst all those
ugly plastic cases
so on the inside we have the game disk
there's also an original game soundtrack
as well so the last thing is to remove
this figure here if you've ever opened
up a toy when you were a kid you know
Christmas morning toys are rough style
very cool got the cell phone in one hand
got the piece in the other hand the
future is now I'll give you guys some
close-ups on this so you can appreciate
the detail a little bit more so there
you have it
exclusive early unboxing of the
watchdog's limited edition if you're
interested in pricing and availability
you can still pick this up I'll put
links down in the description I'm also
going to put a link to the official
Ubisoft YouTube channel make sure to
subscribe to them and big thanks to them
for making this video possible I'm going
to go test out the game right now and
remember like I said before I've got
another copy so if you want your shot at
winning this make sure to leave a
comment make sure to subscribe and then
follow my Twitter to find out who
actually won all right thanks as always
for watching guys if you enjoyed this
content make sure to leave a thumbs up
down below and I'll catch you on the
next episode later