= iPhone 6S vs Ford F150
:published_at: 2015-10-02
:hp-alt-title: iPhone 6S vs Ford F150
:hp-image: https://i.ytimg.com/vi/IaK8d41miZo/maxresdefault.jpg


++++
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/IaK8d41miZo?rel=0" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>
++++

what's up guys Lew here back with
another video and as you can tell we are
in an unusual environment that's because
you're about to watch an unusual video
today we're going to find out if the
iPhone 6s with its new and improved and
strengthened display can hold up the
weight of this f150 now it's a little
bit lighter than the previous version in
case you don't know these new models are
now built out of aluminum and up to 700
pounds lighter but it's still incredibly
heavy so let's find out just how strong
the 6s is and whether or not it can hold
the weight of the f-150 let's do it now
this is a gold 6s back to refresh
completely working there's the evidence
right there we're going to place it face
up right like this there we go
right behind the tire I think the iPhone
might survive and then what and then
what you ready
tell me when
there's a tire mark haha there's a tire
mark yes the phone is fine a little bit
dirty we wipe it off real quick Wow
check it out alright so it held up the
weight no problemo
should we do it one more time to be sure
what do you think all right here
once again no problem so apparently this
glass is pretty tough so there you have
it
iPhone 6s vs. Ford f-150 and at least
for this round the iPhone looks alright
I'm pretty impressed the glass held up
the tire this is not a light vehicle I
mean it's light as far as pickup trucks
are concerned but it's still a pickup
truck so thank God the iPhone is safe
and fine and happy and as you know I've
got a lot of these so I'm still coming
up with ideas for what to do with all of
them leave your suggestions down in the
comments thanks very much for watching
guys leave a thumbs up if you enjoyed
this content of course this video was
ridiculous that's the point that's why
you clicked on it I'll catch you guys on
the next episode later