= Unboxing The Magical RED iPhone 7
:published_at: 2017-03-24
:hp-alt-title: Unboxing The Magical RED iPhone 7
:hp-image: https://i.ytimg.com/vi/OWqISE_edJE/maxresdefault.jpg


++++
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/OWqISE_edJE?rel=0" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>
++++

today is the day that I blow your minds
I show you something so unbelievable a
progression in the world of technology
the reason you signed up to this channel
and being a technology fan in general
the reason you got into this game the
reason I got into this game the reason
Jack got into this game to see these
developments to be up close and personal
to be front row when things like this
happen you might think that I'm talking
about going to space you might think I'm
talking about self-driving cars no my
friend I'm talking about your favorite
brand I'm talking about Apple and their
ability to keep pushing the boundaries
the boundaries of Technology the
boundaries of perception today they've
done something that nobody expected
they made available to you an iPhone
unlike any other iPhone you seen black
iPhones silver iPhones maybe even gold
iPhones and then once upon a time they
released the product called
rose gold rose gold I mean how elegant
does that sound I'm ready for a soiree
in front of me I have two devices a red
iPhone 7 and a red iPhone 7 plus not
just red product red product red it's
the best kind of red at least that's
what other people on YouTube are telling
me they open the box I've never seen a
red like that
it's apple red it's $900 red it's a very
special red right now you're saying Lou
I can't wait I can't wait I agree with
you I believe you I want whatever Apple
has to give me so please get into that
box rip that baby open and show me what
that phone is all about I'm gonna do 7
plus
it's a bread iPhone
it's not it's an iPhone that's red
you